hey guys today's will be the unboxing of
the thinkgeek micro spy remotes okay
what these are these are little
universal remotes that can actually
connect to any TV just about any TV on
the market and you can control
completely control the channel volume on
and off mute all stuff it's really cool
so I ordered a couple from thinkgeek as
you can see right there and think geek
is the best nerd website ever then all
Holden's your cool crap i'll have the
link in the description go check them
out go buy some stuff they have really
cool stuff and okay here this is going
to be the unboxing of it really cool
nice stickers there and a custom pinky
bubble wrap
see what do we get a little
advertisement brochure of their stuff
and actually order three or four of
these one for my brother and watch for
me and for my friends so this is
actually the remote right here it's just
a small little black thing so take it
out and this is all the remote is right
here and has all your controls on it
power Channel mute volume AV TV and
believe you actually hold again to
connect to a TV just first put the
battery in it come to battery comes with
it little watch battery and yours going
to put it in right here through the
bottom give it ever i'm not gonna take
mine out but your you put it in just go
anywhere near your TV i think this has
let's see what does it say doesn't say
but i think it has a spout like a 30
foot radius maybe a little bit less than
that which it is you're going to go over
here and you're going to hold the mute
button down and then it will
automatically connect to the frequency
of the TV and you have complete control
over you can turn it on and off control
channels volume and can change the video
input so that's it guys the really cheap
this was like in a three pack it comes
out to about like six dollars each or
you buy them individually for about nine
dollars and i actually bought four of
them so it came out pretty cheap they're
like eight bucks each for me so guys go
check them out they've got some really
cool stuff like iphone styluses and
really cool nerd shirts so go check them
out and see you guys later comment rate
and subscribe